## Description
>Make sure the subject matter, target learners, and target environment are clear.

#### Subject matter
Facilitate the learning process of ESL learners for advanced English vocabularies.

For example, the advanced vocabularies could be `nonchalant`, `restive`, `mendacious`, etc.

Although it's easy to memorize any one of them with rote learning, these vocabularies rarely appear in daily speech and hence they are difficult to realize and memorize.

#### Target audience
The target audience is aimed at 15 yr+ or adults. They have basic English knowledge and want to extend their vocabularies. 

#### Target environment
On Smartphone, PC or anywhere accessible to the internet. The goal is to keep game itself simple and fun. Therefore, at current stage, I do not take 3D graphics into consideration. I decide to develop this game on cocos2d because it is a cross-platform game engine.

#### Game Video
Game Demo Video on Youtube: http://youtu.be/w4K_eHHLQUM

## Why Crazy Fruit Market?

>Make sure your instructional goals are clear, and explain why you believe your game is an appropriate fit for them.

This game aims at using **game experience** to help players realize the words with contexts, plots, or conversation, but not just giving them the definition in the dictionary.

In most cases, the target learners tend to learn and memorize those advanced vocabularies by using rote learning or flashcards, because these methods have been believed as the fastest ways for a long time. However, purely memorizing their definitions is not the same thing as *realizing* them. For example, when encountering an advanced word in an article, these learners sometimes have to speak out its definition to help realizing what the word stands for in the context.

On the contrary, in this game, players can learn those words from the conversation with the apples representing the words. This helps players connecting vocabularies to these conversation. They will be able to recall the words from these memories directly, without interpretating the words from their formal definitions again. In this case, this kind of learning is much closer to **realizing** a word and therefore an appropriate fit for the target learners. 

## Reflection
> Basically, help us better understand your game’s journey and what you are thinking about and feeling as the course comes to a close.

### Development
> What was hard? What was easy?

I felt these 4 parts are the most challenging during the process of development:

1. Engineering
The game engine I choose is [Cocos2d-JS], an open source cross-platform 2D game framework. Because the framework, especially v3.x, is currently under heavy development by community, some parts of documentation are still in progress. In these cases, I had to dig into their source code to know how an API works and how to tweak the code to make the game work.

2. Game art design
In this project, I used [GIMP] to design most of the UI elements such as buttons, panels, icons, etc. Compared to Photoshop, [GIMP] has much lesser tutorials, materials and resources. Therefore the design process is relatively challenging and time-consuming, especially as a beginner of art designer.

3. Integration
Chaining the tools from graphic design ([GIMP]), game scene design ([Cocos Studio]) to software engineering ([Cocos2d-JS]) is an arduous task, especially when the resources generated by Cocos Studio are incompatible to the version of Cocos2d-JS I hold. So I spent a lot of time to try out how to connect these tools into my workflow. Eventually, I figured out this tool chain and fortunately this indeed shorten the whole design process in the end.

4. Material design
For example, I was stuck for a long while when I tried to design a conversation for a `jocular` apple. I have little idea how to say a joke in English, let alone putting one in a such limited context. In the future, the context design will be more and more challenging once this game growing bigger.

In sum, game design is a demanding work and it had better to be taken in collaboration.

### Game
> What is satisfying about your final game, and what is frustrating?

#### Satisfying part

After I improved the overall graphic design, the game becomes much more interesting. Many feedbacks from play testers show that they think the game is cute and funny. I think this is good sign and pretty cheering to me.

The most important thing is, the whole design process and software framework have become much more mature than before. These ensure its scalability and flexibility.

#### Frustrating part

Many issues are not addressed yet, and some of them might need a huge change on the current design. To afford these huge changes, as a independant game developer, I have to not only speed up the development process, but also try not to make wrong decisions as possible as I could.

### Course
> What parts of the course were the most helpful? Why? Did you find certain course materials to be especially useful? If so, tell us about it.

- Design-based research (DBR)
After I put my game into the real tests, I totally agree with this design concept. During a game design, a feedback from the real world is often unexpected but essential. 

- The New Art of Gaming (Presented at Sandbox Summit, 2012) by Prof. Eric Zimmerman
I was so inspired by this talk especially by the concept that game is a kind of media form, like movie, art and music. We could, but not limited to, put it into instructional uses as any other kinds of media, and more importantly game is a powerful tool to transmit a fact, a concept, or even an experiece to people.

### Peer feedback

> What about peer feedback? How did your experiences in the 11.127x learning community help shape your project? Do you have additional insights from your playtesting sessions?

Peer feedback encourages us to see other participants' works and leave comments to help them improve. Thanks to this, we have a chance to see how others' impressive works evolve and how the comments from peers help to shape their works.

Unfortunately, since I was a weeks behind the course after Unit 4, most of the feedback came from my Facebook friends and from Unhangout. However, I still have chances to help other participants improve their projects and this experience is joyful.

[GIMP]: http://www.gimp.org/
[Cocos2d-JS]: http://www.cocos2d-x.org/wiki/Cocos2d-JS
[Cocos Studio]: http://www.cocos2d-x.org/wiki/Cocos_Studio